I can't believe I just married a complete stranger.
Use it as you like. I'm going abroad on business.
I don't need this.
Take it.
After all, you're my husband.
Legally.
But I only married you to fulfill Grandmother's wish.
Or divorce when I return.
Good. That's what I want as well.
I'll return this to him while we get divorced.
Don't worry, Grandmother.
I just married William.
No, Frank.
Your heart was broken by your ex.
You've stopped believing in love.
Trust me.
William is truly different.
He seems fine.
I've met with him. Grandmother.
William is great. He's the one.
Thank you.
I know you love me.
Hold on a second.
Mr. Clark.
I caught the job.
My life isn't a complete mess.
Everyone looks so serious today. What's going on?
Andrew.
Our CEO.
The most charming man in the city.
He's finally back after a year-long business trip.
Look. It's him.
It is so.
Have I seen him somewhere before?